---
layout: post
title: "Swallow the Red Pills and free yourself"
comments: true  
---

## Wake up


You have just stumbled upon the Red Pills movement, a global network of individuals creating, polishing and utilizing a framework of thoughts and actions to seize power and money for themselves so their influence can be used for the betterment of mankind - and themselves, for it is a very sad thing to be a smart slave surrounded by a bunch of brainless television raised slaves. If you are sick of people not seeing and understanding what you do - join us and be one who conquers and not one who is conquered. If you are not one who sees, but want to expand your mind and take control of your life - you are also welcome - but be prepared that there is a long way ahead of you - swallowing the Red Pills is deeply disturbing and uncomfortable, and what you have seen you can not unsee. On the other hand, Once you are free of the Pavlovian reflexes you were trained to have you can avoid many of the pitfalls of life that bring tremendous suffering.

## Welcome to reality

If you think you are free to think and act the way you wish in our so called modern world - you are entirely misguided and you are blind to the bars of the prison you live in. It is not a particularly shameful thing to be in that state. Some people inherently lack the ability to think for themselves, some had no one to learn it from - indoctrination to be a good slave starts earlier and earlier, school and preschool teaches you to get in line and keep your mouth shout. The newspeak and political correctness (and numerous other tools) in the media pervertly distorts reality and changes the ways of communication which prevents or forbids the factual representation of life. In this sea of confusion, good willed average citizens, who do not devote a substantial amount of their waking time to cultivate themselves to be able to see the truth, easily get lost.

There are people however for whom the ability to see the world undisguised comes more easily. Who are them and why are they different? At the very least, it is the smart who endured hardship - they are experts in swallowing red pills, for it is hard to believe the lion telling "I won't hurt you", when he is devouring your intestines. After surviving a similar scenario one develops a more critical eye. Initially it's only the big, blatant, bold lies which are obvious. Then, like an acquired taste - even the less vibrant flavors of lies become detectable. Once the filter is removed no liar can install it back.

For people who are not accustomed to seeing the truth and detecting lies, it will come as a surprise that life is made to be unfair. People have always oppressed other people. Men took advantage of other mens work since the dawn of civilization. The stronger used to rob the poor, now - after the creation of communities and laws - the one having more finesse scams the less aware. No matter how much the media tells you that we live in a civilized world, where equality is on the rise, where old and ugly habits of men do not apply anymore - these are all lies. We slaves are still divided and conquered. There is no single right superpower wielding the shield of democracy and righteousness - how the west portrays itself. The leaders are no better today than 500 hundred years ago - in fact, the tools of manipulation and enslavement is getting more and more sophisticated. If you think the oppressive regime Orwell dreamed up is mere fantasy you are in for a bad ride - the world we live in is sicker, more hypocritical and cruel than any history or fiction ever provided.

This is all just so a tiny percent of the population can enjoy all kinds of hedonistic ecstasies and calm their insecure and poor souls they strive for power and control over all other humans. The society we live in is a massive juggernaut engineered to keep the power structures. There is nothing unnatural about this. What would you do once you raise to power? You ensure that your power won't leave you anytime soon, and use your power to gain more. More influence, more control over the population's life. Once you are at the top or close to the top you have two kinds of enemies: people with similar ambitions and hunger for power and the average Joe. Especially average Joes in big numbers.

## Why we should fight against the status quo

We are in the 24th hour. Automation of jobs is further increasing the gap between the rich and the poor - with most of the surplus profit going to holders of capital simple minded human slaves are less and less needed. Technological progress allowed spies to infiltrate every levels of our private life. We pay for our own chains - most people work more than a month for their "smart" phones, which they carry everywhere, connected to the web, being able to record and transmit sound, video and text.

Most of the population is degenerated, laughable version of a human - stupefied by pathetic education, fattened by toxins, denied clean air or water. The constant bombardment of false values through the media resulted in generations growing up without a moral compass - for minuscule monetary gains or 15 seconds of attention this narcissistic generation sells its body, soul, or their own mother or children.

Together, we could soon ensure the survival of mankind, the exploration of space, an eternal peace and joy of post scarcity... but instead, all we have now is leaders who could not shake the chains of our primal heritage: the urge to control as much resources as possible is crippling the planet - people have their own reasons to crave power but the result is the same - for every psycho dining on caviar there are thousands who see their kid grow to become shorter, uglier and less intelligent, healthy and happy than they could be with proper nutrition, the dumbifying consumerism they created is poisoning the planet and progress is halted to protect the status quo.

## What can we do to achieve it 

People try to change the world in numerous ways. On one end there are ones trying revolt in peaceful ways - educating other people, whistleblowing, or just simply trying to be a pain in the ass to the ones being in power. On the other hand, the most obvious, brutally effective but perhaps not so sophisticated is bloody rebellions. Both of these approaches are close to impossible nowadays. People are unwilling to learn, and won't risk their personal wellbeing for a greater good. Anything involving a large number of people is doomed to fail in this age - the majority of people are too occupied with posting pictures on social networks and fishing for likes to do anything worthwile with their life. Especially if it does not immediately gain them something they desire - in this world of subsecond attention span anything that comes at a price of discomfort will not be popular.

The internet does a brilliant job of connecting very different people who share something in common - forming communities. Utilizing this, we can create a community which is based on mutually beneficial pacts - essentially copying what some organizations, nations, religions did in the past. There are a lot of details which needs to be worked out - possibly technology can come to the rescue - similarly how BitCoin is shaking up the financial world right now. The plan is to be a faceless, anonymous yet reputation based group that empowers its members. Starting with pitiful personal gains, once we grow to a certain size and influence, like a shadow state, a nation of borg, we can exert influence globally and change the face of the planet. There are no limits of what can be achieved, given that we are willing to put the effort into making our community an efficient machine.
